chore: remove direct markdownlint dependency (#38)
silvermine/standardization: README.md

npm release:finalize -- --prerelease rc
```

### Migration to `standards` NPM script

> At some point we will be migrating away from grunt as a task runner. To facilitate this future
> transition, we should begin adding a NPM script called `standards` to `package.json`. Where
> impractical to remove grunt altogether from a project, we should:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We in the process of  migrating away from grunt as a task runner. As such, we are
switching from `grunt standards` to `npm run standards` as our default "run the
linting/standards checks" command. The goal is to help reduce the developer overhead
around "What's the standards command I need to run? Does this project still use grunt?".

When updating projects, even if they still use `grunt`, we should:
```

Author: Did it!

>    * Add the `standards` NPM script
>    * Add calls to any linting and standards-related NPM scripts to this new script
>    * Add a call to `grunt standards` inside of this script
>    * Remove calls to `grunt standards` from CI configuration files (`.travis.yml`, etc)
>    * Add a call to `npm run standards` to these CI configuration files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Add a new `standards` NPM script which will run all the linting and standards-related scripts
       * If the project still relies on `grunt standards`, this script should contain a call to `grunt standards`
   2. Replace any calls to `grunt standards` with `npm run standards` in CI configuration files (`.travis.yml`, etc)
```

Author: Updated!
